added What is Kafka primer to landing page and info to docs (#103)
tachgsfc/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs/index.md

## Client Configuration

> To begin receiving GCN notices via kafka, users have two options for setting up their listeners. GCN [Client Configuration](/docs/client) documentation describes lightweight wrappers around [**kafka.js**](/docs/client#node.js) and [**confluent-kafka**](/docs/client#confluent-kafka). Once the listener is setup, users can specify which Kafka topics they wish to follow for different GCN notice types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin receiving GCN notices via Kafka, users have two options for setting up their listeners. The [Client Configuration](/docs/client) section describes how to connect to Kafka using [Python](/docs/client#python) or [JavaScript](/docs/client#nodejs). Once the listener is set up, users can specify which Kafka topics they wish to follow for different GCN notice types.
```

> To begin receiving GCN notices via kafka, users have three options for setting up their listeners. GCN [Client Configuration](/docs/client) documentation for [**hop-client**](/docs/client#hop-client), [**adc-streaming**](/docs/client#adc-streaming) and [**confluent-kafka**](/docs/client#confluent-kafka). Once the listener is setup, users can specify which Kafka topics they wish to follow for different GCN notice types.

Author: I changed the wording to reflect what it says on the Client page, with two lightweight wrappers.
